edit mds_m2test/new

add node SIGUINT16/usage=signal
add node SIGINT16/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT32/usage=signal
add node SIGINT32/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT64/usage=signal
add node SIGINT64/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT32/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT64/usage=signal

add node SIGUINT16F/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT16D/usage=signal
add node SIGINT16F/usage=signal
add node SIGINT16D/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT32F/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT32D/usage=signal
add node SIGINT32F/usage=signal
add node SIGINT32D/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT64F/usage=signal
add node SIGUINT64D/usage=signal
add node SIGINT64F/usage=signal
add node SIGINT64D/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT32F/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT32D/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT64F/usage=signal
add node SIGFLT64D/usage=signal

write
close
exit
